Week 1
Group formed in our tute on Friday. Together my group and I decided our group
name and what project we're going to do (recipe matcher). I created my own Jira
Account and connected to our workspace as prompted by our scrum master. I also
joined the group discord, which will be my group's main source of communication.
I then did some research into resources we could use on the backend side of
things, mainly the various ways we could obtain a recipe dataset - those links
were pasted onto our discord backend channel. My group and I also discussed
what functionalities we are going to incorporate into our project (normal,
novel, extension).
Before we broke up our meeting, we arranged the times we would meet up weekly
from now on (Monday 7-8pm, Friday after labs). Next week we plan to get these
done:
- Update work diaries
- Research frameworks and different websites
- Get Jira + Github set up with user tasks / user stories

Week 2
Met up with the team on Monday evening. We fully ironed out our project
functionalities (slight obstacle where we realised some of our ideas for novel
functionalities had been done before, but those were resolved by moving some of
our extension stuff into our novels). The Github had also just been released,
so we got that set up as well. We also split up and assigned each person 2-3
functionalities, and set the task of writing at least 5 user stories per person
by our next meeting on Friday.
I got cracking and wrote 6 user stories on Tuesday.
During our Friday meeting, we discussed user stories and had a 7-minute design
sprint where we each designed a portion of the UI and then presented our ideas
once the timer was up. We then extensively discussed the UI and settled on a
final design for the homepage and sidebar menus. We ended our meeting by
arranging what needs to get done by our next weekly meeting on Tuesday 7pm next
week (moved bc I am not free on the Monday public holiday):
- Backend team (which I am part of) to get the System Architecture section of
  the proposal done - for this we have arranged to have a meeting on Sunday 7pm.
- For each user story we have written indivdually, also additionally write
  Acceptance Criteria
We technically didn't get the user stories on Jira yet (in reference to our
week 1 plans for week 2), but that is because we did not realise that we also
needed to write acceptance criteria. So once that is done by Tuesday next week,
our scrum master will then have them added to Jira/Github.

Week 3
On Sunday, I wrote the Acceptance Criteria for each of my user stories. I ended
up adding more user stories on top of the 6 I had previously, so now I have 9.
During the backend team's group meeting that Sunday evening, we discussed and
noted down skeleton points on each of the system architecture layers. We then
split up the actual paragraph-writing work amongst ourselves, and adjorned the
meeting. I then went on and completed my paragraphs on the database and
infrastructure layers.
During our Tuesday evening meeting, we viewed and the discussed the wireframes
completed by the frontend team. I wrote a system architecture paragraph for the
interface layer and had the frontend team double check it. We also ran into
another roadblock where a team member found websites that have implemented our
novel functionalities, so it was back to the drawing board as we discussed
other novel functionalities we could do instead. Things to do by Friday: finish
up what hasn't been done if you're behind schedule.
During our tute on Friday, we caught up with everything we had due, and spoke
to our tutor about our proposal. The backend team made a flowchart of the
layers together, and the whole team fine tuned various edge cases with the UI.
We plan to start coding after the proposal is submitted.

Week 4
My group had a Sunday meeting to finalise the proposal before submission.
On Tuesday, we had another meeting to get assigned our respective user stories.
I got EQ3900-{46,131,141}.
On Wednesday, since I was the only one on my team with prior experience with
using MongoDB, I took the initiative and went ahead and init-ed the backend
folder and wrote some sample code to fetch / insert database documents for my
teammates to reference. It was my first time writing a python backend so I
learnt about FastAPI along the way.
In our Friday tute this week, we clarified with each other on the parts of the
spec / acceptance criteria we weren't sure with as we started implementing
things. There was a minor clash in ideas on the way our data will be stored,
which ultimately stemmed from the way mongo stores things differently from
normal databses due to it be a noSQL database. It was resolved quickly, but
this minor obstacle stood out to me and made me resolve to improve my
communication skills by 1) being as explicit as possible when suggesting APIs
to use, and 2) having put all the cards (i.e. information) on the table,
getting alternate suggestions from the other members as well and taking a
democratic vote.
In the following week, we aim to finish our user stories by our Friday demo.

Week 5
I decided to put one of my assigned tasks (webscraping data) on hold, since it
is not a priority. For the demo we could just use manually inputted dummy data.
Our team met up online on Wednesday to ask further clarifying questions. There
had been a slight communication breakdown and I had begun implementing
something that had already been done by another team member on her separate
branch. Luckily, it was caught in time. Upon reflection, doing updates with
each other on what we did would be better in future.
In our Friday tute, we did our demo and then proceeded to work on our
retrospective. I raised the issue + remediation idea I described earlier.

Week 7
Worked a bit on my assigned tasks. Next week I aim to get more work done.

Week 8
I blocked out an entire Wednesday and completed in total quite a substantial
amount of work for the week. I got 4/6 tasks and 2/3 of my assigned user
stories completed for this sprint. Those completed were already extrememly
taxing so I made the decision to put the remaining tasks on hold. I also did
some frontend component refactoring and made a ton of new component files (I
think about 40 new / changed files in total when I made a pull request?).
We did the demo in our Friday tute; before it started we did some final
touchups. I helped some of my members with some of the issues they were having
with React. I also applied the use of user tokens in my code which my group
members have newly implemented this sprint.
My group plans to meet up the following Sunday to get cracking on retrospective
B and to discuss which tasks and/or user stories to do for the next and final
sprint.

Week 9
During our Sunday meeting, we worked on the retrospective and assigned
ourselves tasks for Sprint 3.
This week, I got cracking early and completed all of my assigned tasks this
sprint to the extent I could (just waiting on other members to implement the
backend API which should be relatively quick to implement on my end once that's
ready).

Week 10
- Completed the filters.
- Decided to rework my new recipe form into a stepped form and got that done
  too. This may have been a bad idea since it was right before the demo, but I
  got it done in the end (albeit it being slightly stressful).
My group then did our demo in our Friday tute.
This week we completed and submitted our project and final report.
