Week 1 Friday
We formed a group, decided on a group name, and we had set up the discord and jira accounts.

Week 2 Monday
Everyone had joined the github, we made plans for week 2 meetings and started to assign user stories
Delegation of different user story categories to memebers to fulfil the brief.

Week 2 Friday
Completed user stories, and made User Interface plans so that we can start working on our own acceptance criteria. 

Week 3 Tuesday
Finalised wireframes and discussed novel features in order to satisfy the 2 unique functionalities.

Week 3 Friday
Finalise Figma prototypes for reference. During the meeting, different parts of the report was assighed to 
different members in order to be completed before the proposal deadline on Sunday.

Week 3 Sunday
Finished up proposal with everyone, with last minute clarifications. All tasks, user stories and subtaks uploaded to jira.
Proposal was submitted
 
Week 4 Tuesday
Jira was updated to assign taks to everyone, and Jira sprint 1 was set up. 

Week 4 Tuesday
Started frontend coding for creasting the components inside the sidebar for My Pantry and Ingredients.

Week 5 Thursday
Finish up coding the user interface for My Pantry and Ingredients.

Week 5 Friday
Demo A for sprint 1 was presented in class. Our Retrospective A meeting was conducted immedeatly afterwards.
Tasks were assigned to the group and sprint 2 tasks were set up.

Week 6 
Flexi week, no meetings or work was conducted

Week 7 Thursday
Meeting was conducted to discuss Retrospective A report. Report was finalised and submitted.

Week 8 Tuesday
Attempt to refactor and correct code from sprint 1. Finished coding the auto complete for recipe search. 
Implemented the delete functionality for My Pantry.

Week 8 Wednesday
Started the implementation of the Login and Register pages

Week 8 Thursday
Completed the implementation of the Login and Register pages, and successfully connected with the backend.

Week 8 Friday
Completed implementation of the "forgot password" pages and successfully connected with the backend

Week 8 Sunday
Retrospective B meeting was conducted

Week 9 Wednesday
Team meeting to finalise Retrospective B report. Did further work on the report.

Week 9 Friday
Retrospecitve B report finalised, and submitted.

Week 10 
Wokred on final project repport.
Coded the account page, which displays if the user is logged in, if not then redirects to login page 
Lists tab was updated to shwo a list of your lists. 
Lists page was created which displays the recipies which are saved to a particular list.
Save to list dialouge box was also created to save onto different lists.
Refactor code to use React Contexts, and fix code in order to work.
