Week 1:
Created group and group name. Decided on a project idea - recipe recommendation system. Also created Jira accounts 
and on method of communication (through discord). Started doing research into other available recipe recommendation 
system to observe their features and functionalities.

Week 2:
Joined the github classroom. Brief discussion on what should be done during week 2 and decided to begin writing 
users stories. Split up the users stories so that all members had a roughly even amount of functionalities 
to cover. Had a group discussion to finalise ideas on how the UI of the product (home page and sidebar) should look like and the frameworks and main libraries to use in the backend.

Week 3:
Finished my user stories and acceptance criteria early on in the week. Continued to work on other sections of the proposal I was assigned including the
background, comparison with other systems (I did Supercook and Allrecipes) and parts of the system architecture. By Sunday the group decided to have a
meeting to finalise the proposal and hand it in. We also had a group meeting to assign tasks for sprint 1. I was assigned getting recipe data from recipe
apis, implementing the base model for users and My Pantry’ (adding and removing ingredients) as well as returning recipe details. 

Week 4:
Worked on my assigned tasks for sprint 1. Considered which recipes apis to use (looked the quality of their data) and search for any supporting
documentation on how to access the data I needed. Also familiarised myself with how MongoDB and noSQL could be used after a team member set up the 
database mid week. 

Week 5:
Finished up my tasks mid week and had some trouble connecting the front and the back end since we were unfamiliar with fetch requests. However we managed
to get it working by and on Friday. Had our progressive demo A on Friday, also had a group meeting got retrospective A where we assigned tasks for sprint
2. I was assigned the web scraping, account (register, login, forget password).

Week 6:
Worked on my assigned tasks for sprint 2. Completed the web scraping in this week and populated the recipes database and decided to remove recipes 
gathered from the recipe apis in sprint 1 since their data was not consistent and lacking. 

Week 7:
Rewrote retrospective A into a report format so that it could be handed in on Friday. Continued to work on my assigned tasks for sprint 2 and finished a
draft for register and login. Had to complete some research on authentication security (tokens etc) in order to implement account. 

Week 8:
Finished up my tasks on early on in the week so that we could connect the front and back end. Implementing the email that is sent when a user’s password is
reset required a significant amount of research due to changes in email servers security measures. Not the whole team managed to get their front and 
backend sections connected (since many members were quite sick during sprint 2) but overall good progress was made.
Had our progressive demo B on Friday, where we also split up and assigned tasks for sprint 3. I was assigned profile, ratings, expiry date and 
notifications. Began considering how to implement the expiry date and doing some research on python schedulers. 

Week 9:
Had a group meeting on Monday to discuss and complete retrospective B which was due on Friday. Completed a first draft and tested all my assigned tasks
(profile, ratings, expiry date and notifications)for sprint 3 by Sunday. Implementing a system which would check and update the database for ingredients' 
expiry date correctly was slightly challenging and required testing overnight (added a cron job to the code). 

Week 10:
Had to adjust and add some extra backend routes to my assigned sections to ensure that it could connect properly to the front. Also added some extra 
fields and refinements into the recipe database to help other's complete their filter and sort section. Also wrote a backend route for the recipe search 
bar and made some adjustments to the database to help improve performance slightly. Since the final demo was on Friday, I also worked on the final report
and created a rough outline (and presentation though it might not be necessary) for what was to be discussed during the demo. 
